Yo
Xiaoqiang, how do you look?
Handsome than in the photo
Mom, take a good look at you, sit down
Let me have a look.
Xiao Jiang, I heard that Xiaoqin say
You don't stay in Jiangbei for a few days a month
How do you cultivate your relationship?
Xiao Li
I would like to have a private chat with my grandson-in-law
You do your work first
How could God be so troubled?
Xiao Jiang, can you take time out of your busy schedule to look at me?
Grandma is so happy
Grandma, I should do this.
Xiao Jiang
You and Xiaoqing didn't fall in love first and then get married
You are naturally emotional
Won't be much better
You need to spend more time cultivating and cultivating relationships
No matter how busy we are with work
Don't forget family
Do you think so?
OK
Xiao Jiang, do you know?
Xiaoqing's character is very stubborn
Many times he doesn't want to be in front of people
Show his weak side
A lot of things.
Buried in my heart
You have to take good care of him
Yeah, OK.
Xiaojiao, did you quarrel with Xiaoqing?
Grandma, we didn't fight.
Like you just said
We had no emotional foundation before marriage
After marriage, because of work
The former feelings of gathering less and leaving more, please be running in.
What break-in?
It's been more than a year and still running in
It's obvious that you have a bad relationship
Xiaoqin has been in front of me for more than a year
Always pretending to be happy
Cool me old woman
Tell me the truth.
Are you in a bad relationship?